.TH QUIZLIGHT 5
.SH NAME
quizlight - Quiz module design

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBquizlight\fP is a modular terminal-based quiz program (see 'man 1 quizlight'). It is designed so that anyone can build their own quiz modules. This manual page will explain how to design your own quiz modules for quizlight. Modules can have any number of chapters featuring any number of questions, and you can define your own options for answers.

.SH INTRODUCTION
\fBquizlight\fP uses the standard python list layout. It is fairly simple; you don't need to learn python to use it. Lists are enclosed in brackets, and list elements are seperated by commas. Here is a list of numbers, as an example:
    [1, 4, 6, 7]
Our lists are going to contain two types of things. The first will be strings (words, phrases, and paragraphs), which are enclosed either in single quotes:
    'The quick fox jumped over the lazy brown dog'
or triple quotes for multi-line strings:
    """Me: The quick brown fox jumped--
    My friend: Why are you always saying that?
    Me: I don't know, it's kind of a cool sentence."""
The other element in our list will be other lists.

.SH MODULE LAYOUT
\fBquizlight\fP modules each define a single variable, called 'chapters'. chapters is a list that contains each chapter. Each chapter is a list that contains each question. Each question is a list that contains these elements:
    1. The question, with an explanation of possible answers
    2. The correct answer
    3. A list containing all possible answers
    4. (optional) A reason for the answer

The question should usually be a string literal (meaning enclosed in triple quotes), since it is usually more than one line. The correct answer should be a string, and the list of answers should be a list of strings. It should go without saying, but the answer list should contain the correct answer. The reason is entirely optional, and can be a string or a string literal.

The reason, if present, will be shown any time the question is answered incorrectly. If no reason is given, none will be shown and it will not cause a problem. You can have reasons for some of your questions and not others.

.SH EXAMPLE MODULE
There is an simple example chapter that comes with quizlight to help understand the layout. If quizlight is installed on your system, it should be at /usr/share/doc/quizlight/examplemodule.py; if you are working in the repository, it will be at doc/examplemodule.py.

.SH LINKING YOUR MODULE
Once your module is finished, you have to tell \fBquizlight\fP where to find it. Your module should go in quizlight/modules with the example python3 module. It should have a short one-word name that describes the subject matter, and that name should be added (as a string) to the list in __init__.py in that directory.

As an example, let's say we have a module that tests on different varieties of apples. We'll call it apples.py and put it in the modules directory, and then we'll edit the __all__ list in __init__.py to contain our module:
    __all__ = ['python3', 'apples']

.SH SHARING YOUR MODULE
You are encouraged, but not required, to share your module. If you would like to make your module available to others, you can either get in touch with the author at the address below, or create an issue or pull request on github. The quizlight project's github page is:
    https://github.com/dogoncouch/quizlight

.SH SEE ALSO
    quizlight(1)

.SH FILES
    /usr/share/doc/quizlight/examplemodule.py
    /usr/share/doc/quizlight/README.md
    /usr/share/doc/quizlight/LICENSE

.SH AUTHOR
    Dan Persons (dpersonsdev@gmail.com)

.SH COPYRIGHT
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Dan Persons

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
